DBZ-2394 Added Azure PostgreSQL guidance (#1726)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/postgresql.adoc

* Postgres 11: any version
====

[[postgresql-on-azure]]
=== PostgreSQL on Azure

> It is possible to use Debezium with (https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/postgresql/?WT.mc_id=debezium-docs-abhishgu)[Azure Database for PostgreSQL] that supports `wal2json`, `pgoutput` and `test_decoding` output plugins.

Reviewer: Debezium does not support the `test_decoding` plug-in. And let's remove the referrer query param (here and  below) :)

Author: updated the doc, removed referrer params

You need to ensure that Azure replication support is set to `logical`. You can use the (https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/postgresql/concepts-logical?WT.mc_id=debezium-docs-abhishgu#using-azure-cli)[Azure CLI] or the (https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/postgresql/concepts-logical?WT.mc_id=debezium-docs-abhishgu#using-azure-portal)[Azure Portal] to configure this.

For example, if you were to choose the Azure CLI, here are the (https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/postgres/server?view=azure-cli-latest&WT.mc_id=debezium-docs-abhishgu)[`az postgres server`] commands which you will need to execute:

```
az postgres server configuration set --resource-group mygroup --server-name myserver --name azure.replication_support --value logical

az postgres server restart --resource-group mygroup --name myserver
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you're using the `pgoutput` plugin with `all_tables` value for the (https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/1.2/connectors/postgresql.html#postgresql-publication-autocreate-mode)[`publication.autocreate.mode`], please ensure that you create the publication up-front for the *specific* table(s) that you want to configure for change data capture. If the publication is not found, the connector will try to create one using `CREATE PUBLICATION <publication_name> FOR ALL TABLES;` which will fail due to lack of permissions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the `pgoutput` plugin with `all_tables` value for the (link:/#postgresql-publication-autocreate-mode)[`publication.autocreate.mode`], please ensure that you create the publication up-front for the *specific* table(s) that you want to configure for change data capture. If the publication is not found, the connector will try to create one using `CREATE PUBLICATION <publication_name> FOR ALL TABLES;` which will fail due to lack of permissions. 
```

I'd say let's suggest to use "filtered" preferably, and that otherwise the publication must be created upfront, i.e. "all_tables" won't be able to create the ALL TABLES publication.

Author: updated doc
